to the crater
all friends and hello it really
after a due program right I am the author
and the host of victor trajan we start friends
from what is actually not
maybe with that cotos which cannot
jump off the entire car Internet
Can or can not DPS officer
take pictures of us with you or take pictures
on a video camera is equal to whether we have the right
we do this when we face
Inspector DPS friends and looking ahead
I will say right away, and we and the DPS officer
do in the rules if we take a look
administrative regulations of the interior Ministry by the way
saying so many mistakenly looks in
his old wording and not find there
the situation is that the police officer does not
only employee Goiania employee
the police are generally entitled
photograph the driver on a personal
camera or take on a personal
video camera but the amount that it does not
under the abundant poste of these swim
for the tautology and the unforced can
take cash photo machine but
Naturally my friends, we also have
legal right to do the same not
intruding on spectrum privacy
actually what is the personal life of the inspector
maybe you have on performance
and the police officer is not given
right is the same administrative
regulations to prevent
audio and video shooting arises from you
valuable question why loans sometimes not
take such records the courts should
accept and record made by inspector
DPS if he filmed you and made a record
by you if you filmed the DPS inspectors
because the court basically cannot
deny the petition
accepting such a record is another thing that
the court evaluating this record can say that
so nothing follows from it
nothing disproves and nothing
confirmed to be evidence
the case is therefore not yours again
legal right to require admission to
case materials such as videos already
court right to answer you honestly and by
masculine worthy to attach the case
evaluate her as evidence or she
this is not worthy
radio